Speaker 1  00:00
So we have another respondent from Kanpur. So first question is: Think of the last few days. Was there a moment someone asked, "What should we make today? Tell me exactly what happened. Who said what?

Speaker 2  00:14
What should we make today?

Speaker 1  00:16
Yeah. What should make today for dinner, lunch, etc. When maid comes or your mom asks at afternoon and evening, what should we make today? Who said what, and what actually happened in that moment?

Speaker 2  00:27
My mom asks, what should we make today? But all the time, I don't have answer for this question. I I literally tell tell them you make anything that you want. I don't have any like choice what to. Very rarely happen when I say something to me. Make

Speaker 1  00:55
appetite. Next question is: Have you noticed anyone checking the fridge on a list before deciding what to cook, or does it usually just decided without checking anything?

Speaker 2  01:12
All the time. At least my mom remember that what is in fridge or not, so she didn't require to check that it is there or not. If some anybody other is cooking food, then he or she will probably check the case.

Speaker 3  01:34
Perfect.

Speaker 1  01:41
Next question: Can you remember the last time when something got thrown out at home because it went bad? What was it roughly from fridge or what food was made and then it got thrown out any wastage at home?

Speaker 2  01:54
I don't remember any such thing, but yeah, there are something that got thrown out of the home, but not because it was bad. It was because nobody eat it. It was left out.

Speaker 1  02:14
Question is, does your house usually decide the meal first, and then order groceries to match, or order groceries first, and then figure out the meal after.

Speaker 2  02:30
Both sequence of events happen. Sometimes they decide what they are going to cook today or tomorrow, but most of the time is like they order the things whatever available in market, and then they cook according to that.

Speaker 1  02:54
Has anyone at your home tried a list or an app or a weekly menu type of rule or a rule or plan something like that for the meals, and what happened to that afterwards?

Speaker 2  03:08
No, I don't remember any such thing that anybody make some rule or timetable for what they are going to cook in upcoming days.

Speaker 1  03:20
What's the most annoying or exhausting part of how food gets managed at our house? From what we have seen, a specific recent example, if you have one. How?

Speaker 2  03:33
Like my family expect that everybody should eat together, but sometimes when I am busy or anybody busy, everybody is calling him. Now come, we have to eat together. But it's kind of annoying when you are doing something important, and it's kind of feel like everybody is disturbing you.

Speaker 1  03:54
Does the same dish come up too often at your house? Does anyone mind?

Speaker 2  04:04
Yeah, the seasonal vegetables are kind of very often come to my house. Some people, like some of my siblings, really unhappy with

Unknown Speaker  04:18
it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai