Speaker 1  00:00
So the first question is: Think of the last few days. Was there a moment someone asked, "What should we make today? Tell me exactly what happened and who said what.

Speaker 2  00:13
Like my mom asked, like, "What do you want? But I don't know to tell like what what ingredients are present, so I asked her to do like check and do it. Like it depends on health of family members, so like that it happened. Perfect. Is anyone checking this fridge or at least before deciding what to cook? Does it usually just

Speaker 1  00:42
get decided without checking anything? You can tell us. No need to answer exactly the question. You can also, if you have any story regarding that, you can. It's very informal. You can tell anything

Speaker 2  00:53
you want. Yeah, yeah. It is decided by checking vegetables like what do you say, basket or fridge. By checking that, we will find what vegetables are available based on that. Can you

Speaker 1  01:22
remember the last time something got thrown out of home because it went bad? What was it roughly?

Speaker 2  01:28
Like if you if you overcook the quantity of rice at night, it might be like we used to eat rice at night some days. So if it goes over quantity, it will be wasted for morning. So absolutely, it was wasted. Generally, we don't order from drinking or zipto. Like in our hometown, like those are available. But at morning, early in the morning, or like at night, night while my father is coming from shop or like work, he he brings the groceries. Or at some time she my mother will go to Reliance or something and she'll buy the groceries. So generally we don't order from Mingit or Zipto. But when I feel like eating something special outside, but not from home. I order from Swiggy or Zomato.

Speaker 1  02:25
Does your house usually decide the meal first and then order groceries to match, or order a groceries first and then figure out the meal after?

Speaker 2  02:32
Generally, it depends. Like if we are on fine with budget like that, we'll find the groceries about our budget and decide on that thing, or if depends on health, like someone is having a bad health, like we need some more coating like that, then we often take non-veg items or based on the healthy items more. So it depends on the groceries, then meal.

Speaker 1  03:05
So, has anyone at home tried a list, an app, or a route of to plan meals better? What happened to it?

Speaker 2  03:11
Not exactly. No, it doesn't happen like that.

Speaker 1  03:19
What's the most annoying or exhausting part of how food gets managed at a house, from what you have seen, a specific recent example. If you have

Speaker 2  03:27
one, like if we have the like if we have the food which is stored, it can be stored at less time. If if it goes up to so many long hours, it may decompose and it may get smell. Or if we don't wash dishes completely, it it will be like if we store the didn't not wash the dishes in shink, it might get problem with the rats and all the stuff at home.

Speaker 1  03:58
So does say the same dish come up too often at our house, does anyone mind? You can tell a story, whatever, like your area, anything.

Speaker 2  04:05
Yeah, sometimes at home it will be like due to health conscious of my father or mother like that. They make usually some kind of dishes repetitively or some kind of dishes which I like very less often. Yeah, I do mind, and I ask my mother to tell me like make some other dishes. But we have to adjust sometimes, so let it go happen. Let me know.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai