Speaker 1  00:00
Yes. So, what is your name and where do you live?

Speaker 2  00:02
My name is Anil Khan, and I live in Karnal, Ariana.

Speaker 1  00:06
Okay. First question: Who in your house usually decides what to cook day to day? Do you have a cook full time, part time, or none?

Speaker 2  00:17
It's we don't have a cook in our house. My mom doesn't cook it. And as to the question of who decides what to cook, it's usually my mom asking who should us at what should be made today. It also depends on the availability of vegetables and meat in a fridge. Generally, on Sundays, my mom and my dad go to the market to purchase vegetables. So, on those days, there is a more flexibility. But other than that, it's usually her asking me or my dad regarding what

Speaker 3  01:00
to cook.

Speaker 1  01:01
Okay, perfect, perfect. Have you noticed anyone? No, sorry. Think of the few. Think of the last few days. Was there a moment someone asked, "What should we make today? Tell me exactly what happened and who said

Speaker 2  01:18
what. So I'm assuming this is in the context of my household.

Speaker 1  01:22
Yeah, definitely.

Speaker 2  01:23
Okay. Yeah, it's a very regular thing to happen. So one time I don't recall my mother asking that there's some chicken in the fridge. So do you want some sandwiches or do you want gravy with chicken like a like chicken butter masala or something. So she kind of left it to me to decide what we want, why everyone should eat in the house today.

Speaker 1  01:53
Okay, thank you. Just a second.

Speaker 2  02:15
Okay.

Speaker 1  02:18
So, next question: Have you noticed anyone checking the fridge or a list before deciding what to cook, or does it usually just get decided when without checking anything?

Speaker 2  02:29
Yes, it's often checked what's available in the fridge. You know, we'd have meat for the day if there's some chicken leftover that that we didn't cook the previous night, like it does influence what it's what is going to be made for the day. Okay, okay.

Speaker 4  02:53
Pause.

Speaker 1  02:55
Yeah. So, can you remember the last time something got thrown out of home because it went bad. What was

Speaker 2  03:04
it roughly? I think it's probably been a while because we usually just finish up all the food that we made. Like even if we don't finish in the night, we made it. We usually just eat it the next day after taking it out in the fridge.

Speaker 1  03:30
Cool, cool, cool. Just a second. Okay. Roughly, how many times did your house order from Blinkistep to Instamat type apps in the last week?

Speaker 2  03:41
We usually don't really order from quick delivery apps to eat at dinner and all. We usually just go out to eat at restaurants

Speaker 1  04:00
as a discount, or you might also like offer ever changed? What got cooked at your house? Do you know specific time? Like for example, order from LinkedIn Zepto apps, and there's a

Speaker 2  04:16
yeah. Well, I guess for some apps like maybe Domino's and when they offer some discounts and maybe some once or once a week or once in two weeks we order something based on that.

Speaker 1  04:38
Very fair point. Does our house usually decide meal first and then order groceries to match, or order groceries first and then figure out the meal after?

Speaker 2  04:52
It's kind of a mix of both, but it's usually we have the groceries first and then we decide what to eat later.

Speaker 1  05:06
Has anyone at home tried a list, an app, or a rule to plan meals better? What happened to it after maybe following it for a few days, and then did it maintain? Do we find a good app or something which family is using to plan meals, so that there is no commotion at the end before just at the last moment when we are deciding what to.

Speaker 2  05:33
We did a long time ago when I was focusing more on my health, so we decided that at least three times a week we'll have chicken cooked in our house, but we don't really follow that window.

Speaker 1  05:58
Perfect, perfect. What's the most annoying or exhausting part of how food gets maniled at your house? From what you have seen, a specific recent example used to have

Speaker 2  06:10
one. Okay, it's the most common issue is only the conflicting demands of the family members. So, for example, my dad doesn't really like eating egg buchi, but my brother and I do. So sometimes it happens so that my mom has to cook egg bucci for us and something else for my dad. Or, or sometimes a compromise is made, but yeah, that's a

Speaker 1  06:48
great answer. Does the same dish come up too often at your house? Does anyone mind?

Speaker 2  07:02
I think cabbage or sometimes seasonal vegetables, especially during summers, they're cooked way too many times, like in a week, and usually it's not really a problem per se.

Speaker 1  07:24
Perfect. Perfect.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai